Matthew from Creator Warehouse was asked
to describe his job and said I design
clothes and make lonus look cool well
gosh darn it Matthew now it's my turn
with some help from AMD we're going to
be providing the usual
$5,000 budget to upgrade your computer
your girlfriend's computer your VR
headset and your wait your sewing
machine you're really just going to come
home and make more clothes in your spare
time pretty much well same D money I
guess
[Music]
being from the fashion team Matthew
probably hasn't lifted as much Tech
stuff from the office but I wouldn't be
surprised if I found at least a handful
of prototype
merch is that a laptop sleeve unreleased
laptop sleeve coming soon to LTT
store.com you know Shilling for it
doesn't mean that you've actually paid
for it um yes I also found a puzzle this
isn't prototype but almost certainly
stolen yep I see you stole my corner of
doors people make fun of my door corner
or as I call it my dork Corner
pasta exposed I don't get
it yeah truthfully things are just
pretty clean I don't think you've
actually stolen anything everyone has
something how' you get him out of the
office over my shoulder he just threw me
in the van before this gets any more
Awkward let's just get the upgrade
started shall we Mr Elijah Gorbachev
tear down this wall and let's get this
3D printer extracted how are these
handles they're not they're rock climber
handles
W oh it's a it's a dining table but it's
good as like a fabric pattern cutting
table what makes the table good for
fabric cutting uh big cuz you usually
have rolls of fabric so lot of space
flat maybe flat flat is good uh optimal
height because unlike Ln I'm actually
tall
so I actually just got one of these
recently myself I've been super happy
with it my kids are having a blast they
treat it like our own personal Toy
Factory and Matthew actually got the
same thing as me he got their AMS which
allows you to print in multiple
filaments on the same job so you can
have up to I think it's four different
colors with one AMS of course before set
up any ams's we're going to have to find
them oh that's clever that's why it was
so heavy it's
inside and I don't know how to get it
outside I don't want to break it you do
it look at this dust on here if only
there was some way to clean it with my
microfiber shirt how did this turn into
a real product you asked for it l like
yo let's make a microfiber shirt and
then we're like I bet are we going to
sell those yeah it's a real product
here hold on uh can you do that again
but let me clean the lens
first okay go ahead we just want to get
the clearest 4K Elijah hitting
himself oh you don't have to hit
yourself that hard you told me you want
to oh oh wow two screws there you go
here you go pull up oh scared uh we
should plug it in really yeah the
instruction says to remove the foam how
many times I got to throw those
instructions
away does this just rest on top yeah uh
actually it rests anywhere because you
can have up to four of these don't sit
don't sit
on oh my God there's only one leg on
this side
okay wait wait I'm not that heavy I
don't know man have you seen that cake
she you know how hard it to make pants
for lonus I got to put an extra dumpy on
it he has like King Kardashian
silhouette small waist huge hips that's
why we we've never come out with any
decent fitting pants cuz this man
it's built different this is why we
never let the fashion team on camera in
response to your question though it
doesn't really go on top there's a glass
top that you could you can put it on top
but then it's hard to remove the top and
because you can have up to four of them
obviously they wouldn't all fit on top
so they can kind of go anywhere on
top now Matthew I understand that you
got like a hardened extruder or
something like that so you can work with
harder materials now why do you need to
use hardened materials what are you
making I do want to play around with
like TPU I guess make like my own
shoes you can print shoes yeah
huh that's cool I do this also like 3D
printed the souls for some of those
shoes as well you can't 3D print a soul
Only God Can Make a soul Amen brother
Harden stainless steel paper pack oh I
was going to say paper packaging Kudos
immediately followed up with the plastic
packaging almost points
bamboo never mind I take away all points
they claim a 15-minute setup but that's
probably with one competent person not
three people trying to appear on camera
so and it's probably someone who
actually read the manual I'm trying
minus keeps taking it from
me now might be a perfect time to
explain to Colin what he needs to do
with this keyboard and then hope that he
understands what you're talking
about
keyboard parts
put
together yeah okay I think he
understands what else can we do while we
wait for him to get his stuff together
these are the novelty key caps for the
um DUS dusk set from osum osumi some of
them really don't seem that novelty
that's just an Enter key this has a
little smiley face but that's just an
Enter key and there it is the upgraded
hot end is in I've got everything all
cable managed now all I got to do is put
the front cover and the band connector
in place and we're good to go
woo this is like calibrating now yeah
why don't we move on to our next thing
what about a computer upgrade Matthew
sure let's go grab it oh well if I'd
gone into the bedroom I might have found
far more stolen Tech stuff we're
upgrading this to a new case oh you I
think actually haven't stolen anything
yeah it's kind of hard to steal
something when you're working in the
fashion team cuz you grab like boxes of
video cards and you're just like what do
you that for
wait
wait is the power play mat even
available in Canada Christmas party got
him where's your LTT store desk pad um
don't have one we talked about the guy
only wearing
black look at look at this
one there's some color yeah there was
there's one color thing the plan is to
swap my girlfriend's PC oh wow I thought
you were going somewhere else entirely
with that yeah part of my upgrade I got
a new girlfriend she's like AI she's a
model you know
the plan for the PC sounds great we move
your girlfriend's system into your case
we move your system into the new case ah
yes very cool that looks extremely sexy
but I can't be the only one wondering
how exactly you got away with doing an
AMD ultimate Tech upgrade without buying
anything from AMD there aren't even any
computer parts here other than a couple
of fans well here's the thing since
Matthew already had excellent taste he's
running ryzen 3000 Series in both of
these systems he didn't really need to
upgrade either of these CPUs I mean this
is 16 core processor so what he really
needed was to game better on the go
which gets us
to steam deck OLED what are you planning
to play on this starre Valley okay not
the most demanding thing but great if
you want to get a lot of battery life
out of it and what's really exciting is
we have a giveaway for those of you
watching for three of these and I'm
going to have the full details for you
now all you have to do to get your hands
on one of these bad boys is follow the
link in the description the steam deck
OLED features many up upgrades over the
original with Wi-Fi 6E faster memory
speeds improved battery life and of
course the 90 HZ 1,000 nit Peak
brightness OLED screen that is just
amazing thanks AMD for continuing to
sponsor the series and giving you guys a
chance to win some cool AMD Tech back to
the video while Matthew and I work on
tearing down these systems
Elijah do you want to upgrade his
security with a Schlage and code plus
you're going to trust me to install your
lock we're trying to find out what
you're good
at it's not coming out if you were
actually a good handyman you'd be able
to get it out
stop I just want to make lus proud and
I'm overwhelmed check out this this
retrofit power supply is that zip tide
in place yeah it's stupid and it works
it's not stupid yeah it
works I took his old dead bolt out it
doesn't have like the plate cut out for
the new one and so I'm worried that that
once we put it in there it will get in
the
way yes yes it
will oh wait if we close it harder it
won't good enough for me oh god let's
see how many extra holes he puts in the
door false alarm it comes with an
adapter do you go out of your way to
have sand bankman freed hair I just cut
it twice a year Checkmate oh Checkmate
oh God yes I feel like I'm witnessing
something I shouldn't be uh so right now
we're feeding the filament through this
thing here all you got to do is you push
this like this and then you put it in
and then it grabs it so now we're going
to print the 3D Beni that's already
pre-loaded onto the SD card that came
with the printer I just realized I put
it the wrong way on so this would have
been on the outside I have a door
stopper do you need a door stopper oh my
God yes I've been trying to fight
holding this oh it's a little person
yeah it's a little person oh it's like L
of size
yeah I did it no you didn't that is not
straight at all wait it's
fine isn't it does it bother you yes
because in the picture it's straight
it's good enough it's not my house but
it's my house yeah that's fine I set the
code now my neighbors and the internet
knows come dox
me so now I can just use my phone to tap
it and I should unlock
got
him oh look at it it's a little boat oh
my goodness I think it definitely needs
some calibration or wrong
filament yep that's pretty quite
indeed let's try a filament that
hasn't been sitting out for months that
was a really quick and simple transplant
uh I think this is actually that side
can you excuse me
[Music]
oh no oh my finger thanks for nothing
dad surprise got you a new case familiar
it fits better on your table that is a
cool looking case what is this uh Nano
Qs from Thor Zone this is actually the
pre-production unit that Adam opened on
short circuit they've apparently
addressed all the issues that Adam had
with that in that unboxing but not for
Matthew no Matthew gets pre-production
cuz that one's not coming out for
another couple months or something Matt
sent me a bunch of lists of the things
that they fixed that they addressed
feels like there should be a slider
oh they slide
up man is this a computer case or a
puzzle box what the
heck did we cut it out we just cut it
out okay that's what you get I'm
actually returning this one for the
actual production model
why didn't you say something before I
trash the package you did it so quick I
I didn't get a chance to stop you and
that's why I have three kids hey there
bud how's it
going wow good job wow and it
works
nice okay in go in what CPU did you have
again I know we said ryzen 9 3950x
because he's a baller apparently that's
16 cores right get that 16 cores woo
what do you even need 16 cores for
Matthew um watching
YouTube you can everyone's going to hate
that
shopping browsing it's not it's not
getting better stop also you might want
to grab a lint roller I don't know what
you did oh that's far from the PC case
oh okay you just have a lint roller like
right there did you see how long it took
him to produce a lint roller okay um I
need a a pair of scissors uh it's next
to Colin
I need a drill a drill oh right here
shut up how do you have everything in
Arms Reach at a small apartment Matthew
I feel very strongly that this choice of
case was not very good good thing I'm
not building
it wow that looks
great good job
Colin knock knock
ooh it's quite heavy
wow it'll match my other keyboard she
already had one this one sounds like
this but this one by chill key sounds
like you have these goie wall lights
where are you wanting these in my room
behind my my monitor yeah I want to do
like a the base here and then a little L
shape like that are you wanting me to do
this I was wanting Colin to do it but
then I watched previous upgrades where
he damaged people's walls so how did you
manage that
Colin maybe I should do
it I figured it out those two screws in
the screw pack those are for the pcie
Riser which means that those two
different length screws that were
sitting on the table from disassembly
did come from these bars but probably
weren't intended to be two different
lengths that's why they were throwing me
for a loop cuz they're both going to the
same place so I need to figure out where
in the case whoever put it back together
last time put the other long one maybe I
don't care I think that's the answer I'm
going to put the two different length
screws in here now that I'm almost done
I love the look I'm kind of forgiving
them a little bit but it is a bit tough
to wrap your brain around if you've
never used the case before okay wait but
this is cool there's these screws here
and you can slide the whole internal
assembly over one way or the other
depending on if you want a bigger cooler
on your CP puu or if you have a thicker
GPU that's very cool definitely some
good ideas in here I installed or here
sits perfectly above my monitor and
gives me more light than this room has
also desk pad that matches the key the
key cap set that doesn't look like it
fits uh I think this goes on that so put
that down
oh wow you're a good something
sort of dangerous to uh deliver those
sick Burns while you're not able to put
a case on a
computer what am I good at fine you do
it yeah you do it let's find out all
right that's
right stop you are mangling am I you're
making me look good look at this a man
I'm sorry Matthew it wouldn't be an AMD
upgrade if I didn't destroy
something I got this in the bag
oh oh there you go yeah oh
yes yes
buddy oh crap what what you've got to be
kidding me guess who's not getting a fan
this guy this guy yay that's okay sure
is ah okay let's see if it works huh
yeah let's power it on yeah if it works
it sits oh crap hey remember how you
said that SATA drive was just for backup
yep cool please tell me that you're not
going to put this little dust magnet on
the floor oh no I'm planning to keep it
on the desk okay I mean that looks
pretty good yeah I'm wearing a belt so
my plumber ass crack isn't showing be
grateful for that that's why our pants
when they finally arrive from LTT
store.com will
thoughtfully not show Plumber Crack see
look at this I'm all the way whatever
pants you have where belt those lights
look good too bad about the brand name
if I was coming up with a brand name I'd
be like line is
lights that's a fair shot you uh plugged
it in right yep it's running oh it is
wow that's um pretty quiet that's what
happens when you don't put fans in okay
now we're at the point where we're going
to upgrade your sewing machine I mean it
kind of looks like it needs an upgrade
it's uh but the old ones are like better
or something right uh yeah usually the
more industrial ones are much better
than like the domestic ones you might
find at like Walmart or like Michaels oh
so this isn't old it's just industrial
yes industrial wow all metal housing and
everything okay so this is a industrial
machine from site I picked this one
because it's portable portable it's
still heavy wow you seem to be good
gravy it's nice cuz I can like when I'm
done with it I can just tuck it under
the desk or something so it's not like
just sitting there as opposed to like
other industrial machines you need a
table for it CU it has an actual server
motor motor attached to the table this
is more flexible I can be one yeah belt
driven the only problem I have with it
it's quite loud okay let's hear and it's
quite fast as well oh wow she just she's
off and then she's going yeah with this
upgraded motor um we'll be able to have
a speed controller oh so I can basically
press it all the way and it'll go nice
and slow at a reason I don't do this all
day every day exactly I'm not as expert
at this what do you SE I want to make
clothes even though I design clothes I
in my notes it says you want to get into
cosplay why are you avoiding oh yes I
also wanted to do some cosplay as well
okay what do you want to cosplay um is
cloud Moody enough for you I mean he has
like a little bit of color in his outfit
so that might not work so you thinking
Dante I was thinking more like uh
Nicholas D wolfwood from Trigun so
you'll be adding no color to your
wardrobe then let's get the motor in
there goodness that's heavy you don't
even need this workout stuff Matthew
just move your sewing machine around
they know that you don't need equipment
for calisthenics right um no but there
are some things you can get that can
help they're just blocks these handles
can attach here so you can use them as
yoga blocks or like stretching blocks
and then you can also use them as like
parallettes so so what you just you do
your push-up like this and so you can go
lower yeah it's better on on your wrist
so that instead of being flat down like
this for me it puts a lot of strain here
the kids today man when they taught us
to do push-ups and my Marshal ours class
we do them like this see that's what I
should be
doing I can't do more than two on a hard
floor wait have we even talked about the
pants that I'm wearing that you were I
think the main designer on right yes
yeah so these are our cargo pants yeah
designed to fit as many screwdrivers as
you could possibly need to hold as long
as it's two so many pockets some of them
kind of us but we're kind of into that
if you find a purpose for it it's there
by the way I used the hammer Loop which
was a very contentious uh addition to
them just this last weekend on Mother's
Day to install uh automatic uh drip
waterers for yvon's hanging baskets that
we made for her for mother's day so I
appreciate you leaving that on uh zipper
pockets on the backs coming soon ldt
store.com oh magnetic flaps
dying he's so warm you could call him
budget Sam Bank been
fried do you want to guess what they're
for they're for hanging yes okay oh
thanks AMD this is a quarter horsepower
motor sir for the torque
a and your issue with the old one was it
was too fast but I guess we have like a
gearing system now Too Fast Too Furious
yeah so it comes with a has a speed
controller so you can okay and did you
make your own Supreme sticker for it or
did it come with that on it no I made
that did you have to configure the
different hotend you installed I'm not
sure okay I wonder if that's it do you
want to fire up the app I legitimately
don't know I've never changed my hot end
before yeah we didn't configure that we
changed the hot end got it so it's
probably extruding too much still or
something I don't know cuz we went to a
smaller diameter we cut it we cut it in
half I didn't know we changed the
diameter here we go you ordered 2 and4
in hardened steel uh 0 2 only came in
stainless so that is your 2 stainless so
that would explain the Extrusion issues
I didn't know that we had different
diameters on order here okay so do you
want your point4 hardened one cuz I can
put that in uh if there's time to
install sure but if not I can do it I'll
put it in while you fix your sewing
machine how you guys doing on cable
management in there we're all done H
solving Mysteries we're like Scooby and
the Gang can you make a Scooby-Doo
noise yeah that figures
okay well Colin I definitely have a
couple of notes um we should really be
using the the cable tie one right here
not just the giant Arch otherwise this
looks what the oh you jeez just rolled
on to all right for those of you who are
wondering what happens if you don't
configure your nozzle size correctly
looks a little something like that Holy
it's like a golf ball that dimples you
know aerodynamics through the water yeah
yeah I think you mean hydrodynamics but
sure
oh it's
water that looks awesome though time for
her maiden
voyage here we
go yeah it's doing donuts put it in the
deepend H you're hitting the ground I
think you need more
water there you
[Music]
go stop so now put
low nice nice
nice and it's quieter but you can still
have yeah
woo could still have that speed if you
want
it now for the items that hoovered up
actually most of the budget do you want
to tell us about your camera oh yeah so
I wanted to start doing like content
creation fashion cosplay all that stuff
yeah okay and remember kids if you want
to get into content creation the first
thing you need to do is buy a really
expensive camera JK that's a really bad
idea start with a webcam or start with
your phone unless AMD happens to give
you a whole bunch of money so what did
you go with I went with the Sony
fx30 okay you know this is ludicrous
Overkill right this is like when David
had a freaking Blackmagic Ursa as his
webcam oh yeah this you can also use a
webcam as well I know you can use it as
a I'll do
streaming Pop Quiz how do you turn it on
hey Google turn on and then let's talk
about you picked up a meta Quest 3 then
I added some
customizations oh googly guys not even
better oh
oh look at me I'm the tech tip man now I
wanted to get a VR headset because I
wanted to play around with gravity
sketch you can draw like in 3D so right
now I'm drawing the hello wow so I drew
hello and it's like wow like you want to
try beat saber yeah I'll try beat saer
wait wait is this how stupid I look when
I'm playing this
yes I'm done sir that is more like what
I expected to see nice we should do like
sandpaper shirt he has lots of good
ideas too that's pretty great though
yeah it looks way better than the the
first one yeah and the second one
perfect this outro to the AMD ultimate
Tech upgrade Matthew Lou Edition is shot
on his very own fx30 this is the very
first clip that you're recording on this
extremely over I can't believe you've
went with this this upgrade had a little
bit of everything guys computer upgrades
camera upgrades 3D printing upgrades and
sewing machine upgrades I hope you guys
enjoyed it massive shout out to you for
watching why am I talking to that camera
no no it's this camera I thought was to
talk this camera yeah and massive shout
out AMD for sponsoring AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade guys if you want to get a chance
to win a steam deck OLED check out the
details at the link down below if you
guys enjoyed this video you might enjoy
Matthew's first appearance in I will
never financially recover from this the
tour of Creator
Warehouse another awkward appearance for
me no you did great thank you